Update SIG Release versioning docs (#5632)
kubernetes/community: contributors/design-proposals/release/versioning.md

> This document does not reflect the current state and has been moved to the
> [kubernetes/sig-release](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/d1aab33/release-engineering/versioning.md)
> repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This design proposal does NOT reflect the current state of Kubernetes versioning.**

**Up-to-date versioning policies can be found [here](https://git.k8s.io/sig-release/release-engineering/versioning.md).**
```
